Using unobtrusive multi-config CMake with exported targets & find_package
=========================================================================

In this example
---------------

We are using CMake to declare, export and install the targets of a couple of libraries, and using Conan to manage
the packages and using these libraries in a project. Everything is based on the ``find_package`` feature and working with 
multiconfig packages (Release/Debug) to avoid installing the dependencies every time we change from Debug to Release in
the Visual Studio IDE.

 - We have a "hello" library consumed by a "bye" library and a project that uses the "bye" function.
 - The "hello" library exports its own ``helloTargets.cmake`` files, everything is pure CMake, every time we call 
   CMake with a different build type CMake exports a ``helloTargets-{build_type}.cmake`` script.
 - The conan recipe uses the same binary package for any ``build_type``, by removing the ``build_type`` setting.
 - The conan recipe at the ``build`` method invokes CMake both for Release and Debug, generating for the same package.
 - The same for the "bye" library.
 

Some useful details of this example
------------------------------------

 - The ``CMakeLists.txt`` files for ``bye`` and ``hello`` are quite similar, the same code except the library name and
 dependencies are changed in the first part. So you could use a similar ``CMakeLists.txt`` if you want to follow this 
 approach.
 - The ``helloConfig.cmake`` and ``byeConfig.cmake`` are generated by hand, almost only included the autogenerated 
 targets:
 
 ```
 include(CMakeFindDependencyMacro)
 find_dependency(hello)

 include("${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/byeTargets.cmake")
 ```

 - The recipes are not even using ``package_info()``  method for the consumers

Pros
----

- If you are going to consume your packages only with CMake, this is a totally unobtrusive and decoupled mechanism.
- You don't need to change anything in the ``CMakeLists.txt`` related to Conan.
- The multi-config mechanism works good, it is very comfortable, only one ``conan install`` for the dependencies.

 
Cons
----
 
 - You cannot consume Conan packages with other mechanism than ``CMake find_package``, no ``package_info`` method has been
 declared. The logic for the consumer lives exclusively in the ``.cmake`` files installed by CMake, so if I want to use
 any package with other build system like ``Autotools`` I won't be able to do it.
 
 - You need to build packages containing all the build_types in the same Conan binary package. The ``find_package``
 mechanism will find only one ``XXXConfig.cmake`` file, so all the ```XXXTarget-{build_type}``` have to be together.
 

How to try it
-------------

 - Open the "run.bat" or "run.sh" to see the steps of the example. If you run it, it will create the packages for "hello" and "bye" 
 and will build the "project" changing the build_type and verifying that the linked dependencies are correct for the selected build_type.